!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	2	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
authenticate	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^export const authenticate = async (id) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
body	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^    const body = req.body$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
body	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^    const body = req.body$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
body	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^    const body = req.body;$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
current_time	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^    const current_time = query.time_choosen ? query.time_choosen : new Date().toISOString().spli/;"	C	language:JavaScript
delete_record	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^export const delete_record = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
delete_tag	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/tag.js	/^export const delete_tag = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
delete_wallet	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^export const delete_wallet = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
getUserProfile	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^export const getUserProfile = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
get_record	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^export const get_record = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
get_tag	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/tag.js	/^export const get_tag = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
get_wallet	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^export const get_wallet = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
insert_record	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^export const insert_record = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
insert_tag	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/tag.js	/^export const insert_tag = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
insert_wallet	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^export const insert_wallet = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
query	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^    const query = req.query;$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
query	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^    const query = req.query$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
response	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^    var response = {};$/;"	v	language:JavaScript
search_record	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^export const search_record = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
secret	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^const secret = 'GDSC_WALLET';$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
selected_wallet	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^    var selected_wallet;$/;"	v	language:JavaScript
signUp	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^export const signUp = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
update_all_tag	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/tag.js	/^export const update_all_tag = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
update_record	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/record.js	/^export const update_record = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
update_tag	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/tag.js	/^export const update_tag = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
update_wallet	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^export const update_wallet = async (req, res, next) => {$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
user_id	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^    const user_id = req.decodedData?.user_id;$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
user_id	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^    const user_id = req.session?.passport?.user?.user_id;$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
user_id	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^    const user_id = req.session?.passport?.user?.user_id;$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
user_id	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/wallet.js	/^    const user_id = req.session?.passport?.user?.user_id;$/;"	C	language:JavaScript
user_status	/home/roy/codes/GDSC_wallet/backend/controllers/user.js	/^    var user_status;$/;"	v	language:JavaScript
